rebrand nf-validation to nf-schema (#1)
nextflow-io/nf-schema: docs/nextflow_schema/nextflow_schema_examples.md

You can see an example JSON Schema for a Nextflow pipeline `nextflow_schema.json` file below.

This file was generated from the nf-core pipeline template, using `nf-core create`.

> It is used as a test fixture in the nf-schema package [here](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-schema/master/plugins/nf-schema/resources/nextflow_schema.json).

Reviewer: sure about that url?

Author: Ah missed another one :grin: Thanks!

Author: Although no it's the correct one. (It works when I view it using `mkdocs serve`)

Reviewer: All look ok to me for this PR, except this line, but if you say it's ok, it's a :heavy_check_mark: from me

> It is used as a test fixture in the nf-schemakage [here](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-snf-schemaster/plugins/nf-schemnf-schemaources/nextflow_schema.json).

Reviewer 2: This looks like it borked itself with multiple replaces inside itself?

Author: I'm not even sure how that happened... But I'll fix it!

!!! note

>     More examples can be found in the plugin [`testResources` directory](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-schemab/master/plugins/nf-snf-schematResources/).

Reviewer 2: Is this borked?

```suggestion
    More examples can be found in the plugin [`testResources` directory](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nf-schema/blob/master/plugins/nf-schema/src/testResources/).
```

```json

> --8<-- "plugins/nf-schema/testResources/nextflow_schema.json"

Reviewer 2: Does this need `src` back in?
